To support us, all actors, and production members to create great content, please avoid copyright infringement.
When you're with me you're mean to me,
but with Lin you're so sweet.
Now, I don't know when you're joking or when you're serious.
What's your deal?
You're such a....
Sine
you're my sin(90)
you're my number one.
Tan
I also wanna tell you that,
the domain (in math)
It's like the feeling,
that I have for you.
The sine's domain..
It's a real number that...
never ends.
Sine, why are you back so early?
I don't have any studies today.
I'll be up in my room.
Is everything okay?
I'm just a bit sleepy.
Are you alright?
Let me take a rest.
Hey, Atom
Leo
Guys!!
What!?
I know you have something on your mind.
Otherwise, we won't be here this late.
I'll be honest with you guys
I like Sine.
That's it.
I'll tell you only once.
I'm already so shy!
It's the first time that,
Sine is ignoring me.
I'm so embarrassed.
How about...
Lin?
What are you going to do?
I'll have to tell her the truth.
I'm afraid I'll make her sad.
Don't worry.
Tonight, let's teach Tan about Ethanol.
Good idea.
Do you guys know,
there's many types of alcohol?
I see.
About the details..
I'll teach you in Thonglor.
Okay
I want to thank you, Atom
for being here with me.
No problem.
After all, I'm your friend.
Let the light-weighted Leo go sleep at home.
Let him sleep.
Atom
I think I'll have to tell Lin.
About what?
About me and Sine.
I feel like...
It's not fair for Lin,
I'm so selfish.
Uhh
Do it!
Just tell her.
So, it will no longer bother you.
So, you can still be friends with her.
Yeah, It's just like you said.
I'll tell her tomorrow.
Good.
It's been bothering me a lot.
Leo and I will always be here for you.
Atom..
don't forget to help me.
Don't worry.
I'll be by your side.
Want me to talk with Sine?
Okay, I'll help you.
Can I sit with you?
Go ahead.
But if you are going to talk about him..
don't bother.
Okay.
I understand how you feel.
I shouldn't be their third wheel.
It should only be the two of them.
So, they can love each other.
I think I should leave.
Let this end with me.
I don't think so.
It can't end with you.
Cuz, Tan loves you.
I'm afraid that our relationship won't last long.
Listen to me.
The duration is up to both of you to decide.
That you're together because of love
or you just feel good.
Think carefully.
Hey!
Talk to me.
How long will you keep ignoring me?
Tell me what's on your mind.
I'd feel better, even if you scold me.
Don't just keep quiet.
Speak out!
What's your problem?
Didn't you tell me...
that friends can share each other anything?
We're not even together yet.
We haven't started yet.
So, why the hell are you ignoring me?
You said that you don't want to lose your best friend.
So, why do you feel so bad?
Just tell me.
Are you done?
What's up?
Call him...
Of course, it's me again.
It's always me.
Ohhh
I'll put it on speaker.
Okay.
Yes, Sir Neung.
He answered.
Umm, Sine.
Can we talk?
I have something to ask you.
Tan looks absent-minded and ..
like sad and stressed.
Do you know what's going on?
I think he's fine.
He is just playing around.
He looks like he broke up with someone.
How can he feel like that?
He doesn't even have a special one.
Hmm, does he really not have a someone special?
I think so too.
A person like Tan, if he flirts with someone...
means that he really likes that person.
Anyway..
please look after him.
To tell you the truth..
lately, I don't want to be with him.
Well...
If you're free,
just drop by.
I'm a bit worried.
Anyway, I won't bother you any longer.
Okay, goodbye.
Tough luck, kid.
That's all I can help.
The rest is...
up to you.
Okay, thanks.
I already glad with just that.
That's all you're gonna get.
Hey, Lin.
Hey, Sine.
How many kilometers so far?
Can I not count the distance?
Just the spot for my Instagram.
You really gonna do that?
The weather's really good today.
The sky is so clear.
Yeah, perfect for cycling.
Have you been here for a long time?
I've been here for 2 hours.
My calves are getting sore.
Ohh, get home safely.
Okay, see you.
Bye-bye.
Hello, Tan.
I just saw your missed calls.
Oh yes, I wanted to see you.
I'm at Peppermint Bike Park.
Can we meet up?
Sure,
but...
It'll be a while, I have something to do.
I'll drop by Mint Café.
See you, then.
Okay, I'll be waiting for you.
Okay, see you.
Bye-bye.
I cycled so much today.
I think..
you drop a few.
I hope so.
To be honest..
I also wanted to see you.
The truth is..
I know that...
Yesterday, you had a fight with Sine.
I know how you feel.
Can I hold your hand?
It would be nice...
If I could hold your hand like this...
like lovers.
But do you know..
It'd be better if we changed how we hold hands.
Like this...
like friends.
Taking care of each other.
Worry about one another.
When you're happy or sad, you'll still have this friend...
by your side.
Tan.
Don't lie to your heart about your true feelings.
Choosing what is right for you...
it's better that way.
Lin, I'm sorry.
"Sorry"...
it's truly a selfish word, right?
Don't think too much.
I'll drop you off.
Don't worry, my house is right around the corner.
In reality, my father is very strict.
I'll be off, then.
Okay.
Anyway,
don't forget to do something to make up with Sine, tonight.
Bye.
This song is for..
the person..
who keeps me awake at night.
I'll post this on Facebook.
I won't tag anyone, let him see it by himself.
[Late at night, you sleep tight.]
[But you don’t know, right? I can’t sleep tonight.]
[Inside someone’s heart, full of love...]
[The love, that you’ll never know.]
[Someday... I hope you’ll know... I’ll be glad.]
Why didn't you attend class?
The final examination is coming soon.
[I don’t know, do I?]
[I should go, should I?]
[Please, treat me.]
[Treat me, please?]
[If you don't love me,]
[just tell me clearly.]
[Do not trick me.]
[Do not hurt...]
... English subtitles by Vyn Scott & Natt Tongtep ...